docs/content/meta/ComboboxRoot.md, before:

<!-- This file was automatic generated. Do not edit it manually -->

<PropsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'as',
    'description': '<p>The element or component this component should render as. Can be overwritten by <code>asChild</code>.</p>\n',
    'type': 'AsTag | Component',
    'required': false,
    'default': '\'div\''
  },
  {
    'name': 'asChild',
    'description': '<p>Change the default rendered element for the one passed as a child, merging their props and behavior.</p>\n<p>Read our <a href=\'https://www.reka-ui.com/docs/guides/composition\'>Composition</a> guide for more details.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'by',
    'description': '<p>Use this to compare objects by a particular field, or pass your own comparison function for complete control over how objects are compared.</p>\n',
    'type': 'string | ((a: AcceptableValue, b: AcceptableValue) => boolean)',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'defaultOpen',
    'description': '<p>The open state of the combobox when it is initially rendered. &lt;br&gt; Use when you do not need to control its open state.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'defaultValue',
    'description': '<p>The value of the listbox when initially rendered. Use when you do not need to control the state of the Listbox</p>\n',
    'type': 'AcceptableValue | AcceptableValue[]',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'dir',
    'description': '<p>The reading direction of the listbox when applicable. &lt;br&gt; If omitted, inherits globally from <code>ConfigProvider</code> or assumes LTR (left-to-right) reading mode.</p>\n',
    'type': '\'ltr\' | \'rtl\'',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'disabled',
    'description': '<p>When <code>true</code>, prevents the user from interacting with listbox</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'highlightOnHover',
    'description': '<p>When <code>true</code>, hover over item will trigger highlight</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'ignoreFilter',
    'description': '<p>When <code>true</code>, disable the default filters</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'modelValue',
    'description': '<p>The controlled value of the listbox. Can be binded with with <code>v-model</code>.</p>\n',
    'type': 'AcceptableValue | AcceptableValue[]',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'multiple',
    'description': '<p>Whether multiple options can be selected or not.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'name',
    'description': '<p>The name of the field. Submitted with its owning form as part of a name/value pair.</p>\n',
    'type': 'string',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'open',
    'description': '<p>The controlled open state of the Combobox. Can be binded with with <code>v-model:open</code>.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'required',
    'description': '<p>When <code>true</code>, indicates that the user must set the value before the owning form can be submitted.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'resetSearchTermOnBlur',
    'description': '<p>Whether to reset the searchTerm when the Combobox input blurred</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false,
    'default': 'true'
  },
  {
    'name': 'resetSearchTermOnSelect',
    'description': '<p>Whether to reset the searchTerm when the Combobox value is selected</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false,
    'default': 'true'
  }
]" />

<EmitsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'highlight',
    'description': '<p>Event handler when highlighted element changes.</p>\n',
    'type': '[payload: { ref: HTMLElement; value: AcceptableValue; }]'
  },
  {
    'name': 'update:modelValue',
    'description': '<p>Event handler called when the value changes.</p>\n',
    'type': '[value: AcceptableValue]'
  },
  {
    'name': 'update:open',
    'description': '<p>Event handler called when the open state of the combobox changes.</p>\n',
    'type': '[value: boolean]'
  }
]" />

<SlotsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'open',
    'description': '<p>Current open state</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean'
  },
  {
    'name': 'modelValue',
    'description': '<p>Current active value</p>\n',
    'type': 'AcceptableValue | AcceptableValue[]'
  }
]" />

Commit message:

feat(Combobox): add `openOnFocus` and `openOnClick` props (#2050)
* feat: add openOnFocus prop

* feat: add openOnClick prop

docs/content/meta/ComboboxRoot.md, after:

<!-- This file was automatic generated. Do not edit it manually -->

<PropsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'as',
    'description': '<p>The element or component this component should render as. Can be overwritten by <code>asChild</code>.</p>\n',
    'type': 'AsTag | Component',
    'required': false,
    'default': '\'div\''
  },
  {
    'name': 'asChild',
    'description': '<p>Change the default rendered element for the one passed as a child, merging their props and behavior.</p>\n<p>Read our <a href=\'https://www.reka-ui.com/docs/guides/composition\'>Composition</a> guide for more details.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'by',
    'description': '<p>Use this to compare objects by a particular field, or pass your own comparison function for complete control over how objects are compared.</p>\n',
    'type': 'string | ((a: AcceptableValue, b: AcceptableValue) => boolean)',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'defaultOpen',
    'description': '<p>The open state of the combobox when it is initially rendered. &lt;br&gt; Use when you do not need to control its open state.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'defaultValue',
    'description': '<p>The value of the listbox when initially rendered. Use when you do not need to control the state of the Listbox</p>\n',
    'type': 'AcceptableValue | AcceptableValue[]',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'dir',
    'description': '<p>The reading direction of the listbox when applicable. &lt;br&gt; If omitted, inherits globally from <code>ConfigProvider</code> or assumes LTR (left-to-right) reading mode.</p>\n',
    'type': '\'ltr\' | \'rtl\'',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'disabled',
    'description': '<p>When <code>true</code>, prevents the user from interacting with listbox</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'highlightOnHover',
    'description': '<p>When <code>true</code>, hover over item will trigger highlight</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'ignoreFilter',
    'description': '<p>When <code>true</code>, disable the default filters</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'modelValue',
    'description': '<p>The controlled value of the listbox. Can be binded with with <code>v-model</code>.</p>\n',
    'type': 'AcceptableValue | AcceptableValue[]',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'multiple',
    'description': '<p>Whether multiple options can be selected or not.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'name',
    'description': '<p>The name of the field. Submitted with its owning form as part of a name/value pair.</p>\n',
    'type': 'string',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'open',
    'description': '<p>The controlled open state of the Combobox. Can be binded with with <code>v-model:open</code>.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'required',
    'description': '<p>When <code>true</code>, indicates that the user must set the value before the owning form can be submitted.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'resetSearchTermOnBlur',
    'description': '<p>Whether to reset the searchTerm when the Combobox input blurred</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false,
    'default': 'true'
  },
  {
    'name': 'resetSearchTermOnSelect',
    'description': '<p>Whether to reset the searchTerm when the Combobox value is selected</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false,
    'default': 'true'
  },
  {
    'name': 'openOnFocus',
    'description': '<p>Whether to open the Combobox when the input is focused</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false,
    'default': 'false'
  },
  {
    'name': 'openOnClick',
    'description': '<p>Whether to open the Combobox when the input is clicked</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false,
    'default': 'false'
  }
]" />

<EmitsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'highlight',
    'description': '<p>Event handler when highlighted element changes.</p>\n',
    'type': '[payload: { ref: HTMLElement; value: AcceptableValue; }]'
  },
  {
    'name': 'update:modelValue',
    'description': '<p>Event handler called when the value changes.</p>\n',
    'type': '[value: AcceptableValue]'
  },
  {
    'name': 'update:open',
    'description': '<p>Event handler called when the open state of the combobox changes.</p>\n',
    'type': '[value: boolean]'
  }
]" />

<SlotsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'open',
    'description': '<p>Current open state</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean'
  },
  {
    'name': 'modelValue',
    'description': '<p>Current active value</p>\n',
    'type': 'AcceptableValue | AcceptableValue[]'
  }
]" />
