docs/content/meta/TimeFieldRoot.md, before:

<!-- This file was automatic generated. Do not edit it manually -->

<PropsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'as',
    'description': '<p>The element or component this component should render as. Can be overwritten by <code>asChild</code>.</p>\n',
    'type': 'AsTag | Component',
    'required': false,
    'default': '\'div\''
  },
  {
    'name': 'asChild',
    'description': '<p>Change the default rendered element for the one passed as a child, merging their props and behavior.</p>\n<p>Read our <a href=\'https://www.reka-ui.com/docs/guides/composition\'>Composition</a> guide for more details.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'defaultPlaceholder',
    'description': '<p>The default placeholder date</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'defaultValue',
    'description': '<p>The default value for the calendar</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'dir',
    'description': '<p>The reading direction of the time field when applicable. &lt;br&gt; If omitted, inherits globally from <code>ConfigProvider</code> or assumes LTR (left-to-right) reading mode.</p>\n',
    'type': '\'ltr\' | \'rtl\'',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'disabled',
    'description': '<p>Whether or not the time field is disabled</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false,
    'default': 'false'
  },
  {
    'name': 'granularity',
    'description': '<p>The granularity to use for formatting times. Defaults to minute if a Time is provided, otherwise defaults to minute. The field will render segments for each part of the date up to and including the specified granularity</p>\n',
    'type': '\'hour\' | \'minute\' | \'second\'',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'hideTimeZone',
    'description': '<p>Whether or not to hide the time zone segment of the field</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'hourCycle',
    'description': '<p>The hour cycle used for formatting times. Defaults to the local preference</p>\n',
    'type': '12 | 24',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'id',
    'description': '<p>Id of the element</p>\n',
    'type': 'string',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'locale',
    'description': '<p>The locale to use for formatting dates</p>\n',
    'type': 'string',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'maxValue',
    'description': '<p>The maximum date that can be selected</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'minValue',
    'description': '<p>The minimum date that can be selected</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'modelValue',
    'description': '<p>The controlled checked state of the field. Can be bound as <code>v-model</code>.</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue | null',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'name',
    'description': '<p>The name of the field. Submitted with its owning form as part of a name/value pair.</p>\n',
    'type': 'string',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'placeholder',
    'description': '<p>The placeholder date, which is used to determine what time to display when no time is selected. This updates as the user navigates the field</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'readonly',
    'description': '<p>Whether or not the time field is readonly</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false,
    'default': 'false'
  },
  {
    'name': 'required',
    'description': '<p>When <code>true</code>, indicates that the user must set the value before the owning form can be submitted.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  }
]" />

<EmitsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'update:modelValue',
    'description': '<p>Event handler called whenever the model value changes</p>\n',
    'type': '[date: TimeValue]'
  },
  {
    'name': 'update:placeholder',
    'description': '<p>Event handler called whenever the placeholder value changes</p>\n',
    'type': '[date: TimeValue]'
  }
]" />

<SlotsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'modelValue',
    'description': '<p>The current time of the field</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue | undefined'
  },
  {
    'name': 'segments',
    'description': '<p>The time field segment contents</p>\n',
    'type': '{ part: SegmentPart; value: string; }[]'
  },
  {
    'name': 'isInvalid',
    'description': '<p>Value if the input is invalid</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean'
  }
]" />

<MethodsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'setFocusedElement',
    'description': '<p>Helper to set the focused element inside the DateField</p>\n',
    'type': '(el: HTMLElement) => void'
  }
]" />

Commit message:

feat(TimeField): support interval steps (#1924)
* feat(TimeField): support interval steps

* refactor: use aggregated `step`

* docs: update props

* docs: typo

docs/content/meta/TimeFieldRoot.md, after:

<!-- This file was automatic generated. Do not edit it manually -->

<PropsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'as',
    'description': '<p>The element or component this component should render as. Can be overwritten by <code>asChild</code>.</p>\n',
    'type': 'AsTag | Component',
    'required': false,
    'default': '\'div\''
  },
  {
    'name': 'asChild',
    'description': '<p>Change the default rendered element for the one passed as a child, merging their props and behavior.</p>\n<p>Read our <a href=\'https://www.reka-ui.com/docs/guides/composition\'>Composition</a> guide for more details.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'defaultPlaceholder',
    'description': '<p>The default placeholder date</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'defaultValue',
    'description': '<p>The default value for the calendar</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'dir',
    'description': '<p>The reading direction of the time field when applicable. &lt;br&gt; If omitted, inherits globally from <code>ConfigProvider</code> or assumes LTR (left-to-right) reading mode.</p>\n',
    'type': '\'ltr\' | \'rtl\'',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'disabled',
    'description': '<p>Whether or not the time field is disabled</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false,
    'default': 'false'
  },
  {
    'name': 'granularity',
    'description': '<p>The granularity to use for formatting times. Defaults to minute if a Time is provided, otherwise defaults to minute. The field will render segments for each part of the date up to and including the specified granularity</p>\n',
    'type': '\'hour\' | \'minute\' | \'second\'',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'hideTimeZone',
    'description': '<p>Whether or not to hide the time zone segment of the field</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'hourCycle',
    'description': '<p>The hour cycle used for formatting times. Defaults to the local preference</p>\n',
    'type': '12 | 24',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'id',
    'description': '<p>Id of the element</p>\n',
    'type': 'string',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'locale',
    'description': '<p>The locale to use for formatting dates</p>\n',
    'type': 'string',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'maxValue',
    'description': '<p>The maximum date that can be selected</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'minValue',
    'description': '<p>The minimum date that can be selected</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'modelValue',
    'description': '<p>The controlled checked state of the field. Can be bound as <code>v-model</code>.</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue | null',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'name',
    'description': '<p>The name of the field. Submitted with its owning form as part of a name/value pair.</p>\n',
    'type': 'string',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'placeholder',
    'description': '<p>The placeholder date, which is used to determine what time to display when no time is selected. This updates as the user navigates the field</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'readonly',
    'description': '<p>Whether or not the time field is readonly</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false,
    'default': 'false'
  },
  {
    'name': 'required',
    'description': '<p>When <code>true</code>, indicates that the user must set the value before the owning form can be submitted.</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean',
    'required': false
  },
  {
    'name': 'step',
    'description': '<p>The stepping interval for the time fields. Defaults to <code>1</code>.</p>\n',
    'type': 'DateStep',
    'required': false
  }
]" />

<EmitsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'update:modelValue',
    'description': '<p>Event handler called whenever the model value changes</p>\n',
    'type': '[date: TimeValue]'
  },
  {
    'name': 'update:placeholder',
    'description': '<p>Event handler called whenever the placeholder value changes</p>\n',
    'type': '[date: TimeValue]'
  }
]" />

<SlotsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'modelValue',
    'description': '<p>The current time of the field</p>\n',
    'type': 'TimeValue | undefined'
  },
  {
    'name': 'segments',
    'description': '<p>The time field segment contents</p>\n',
    'type': '{ part: SegmentPart; value: string; }[]'
  },
  {
    'name': 'isInvalid',
    'description': '<p>Value if the input is invalid</p>\n',
    'type': 'boolean'
  }
]" />

<MethodsTable :data="[
  {
    'name': 'setFocusedElement',
    'description': '<p>Helper to set the focused element inside the DateField</p>\n',
    'type': '(el: HTMLElement) => void'
  }
]" />
