docs/content/docs/components/calendar.md, before:

---

title: Calendar
description: Displays dates and days of the week, facilitating date-related interactions.
name: calendar
---

# Calendar

<Badge>Alpha</Badge>

<Description>
Displays dates and days of the week, facilitating date-related interactions.
</Description>

<ComponentPreview name="Calendar" />

## Features

<Highlights
  :features="[
    'Full keyboard navigation',
    'Can be controlled or uncontrolled',
    'Focus is fully managed',
    'Localization support',
    'Highly composable'
  ]"
/>

## Preface

The component depends on the [@internationalized/date](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/internationalized/date/index.html) package, which solves a lot of the problems that come with working with dates and times in JavaScript.

We highly recommend reading through the documentation for the package to get a solid feel for how it works, and you'll need to install it in your project to use the date-related components.

## Installation

Install the date package.

<InstallationTabs value="@internationalized/date" />

Install the component from your command line.

<InstallationTabs value="reka-ui" />

## Anatomy

Import all parts and piece them together.

```vue
<script setup>
import {
  CalendarCell,
  CalendarCellTrigger,
  CalendarGrid,
  CalendarGridBody,
  CalendarGridHead,
  CalendarGridRow,
  CalendarHeadCell,
  CalendarHeader,
  CalendarHeading,
  CalendarNext,
  CalendarPrev,
  CalendarRoot
} from 'reka-ui'
</script>

<template>
  <CalendarRoot>
    <CalendarHeader>
      <CalendarPrev />
      <CalendarHeading />
      <CalendarNext />
    </CalendarHeader>
    <CalendarGrid>
      <CalendarGridHead>
        <CalendarGridRow>
          <CalendarHeadCell />
        </CalendarGridRow>
      </CalendarGridHead>
      <CalendarGridBody>
        <CalendarGridRow>
          <CalendarCell>
            <CalendarCellTrigger />
          </CalendarCell>
        </CalendarGridRow>
      </CalendarGridBody>
    </CalendarGrid>
  </CalendarRoot>
</template>
```

## API Reference

### Root

Contains all the parts of a calendar

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarRoot.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-readonly]',
      values: 'Present when readonly',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-invalid]',
      values: 'Present when invalid',
    }
  ]"
/>

### Header

Contains the navigation buttons and the heading segments.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarHeader.md -->

### Prev Button

Calendar navigation button. It navigates the calendar one month/year/decade in the past based on the current calendar view.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarPrev.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    },
  ]"
/>

### Next Button

Calendar navigation button. It navigates the calendar one month/year/decade in the future based on the current calendar view.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarNext.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    },
  ]"
/>

### Heading

Heading for displaying the current month and year

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarHeading.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    }
  ]"
/>

### Grid

Container for wrapping the calendar grid.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarGrid.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-readonly]',
      values: 'Present when readonly',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    }
  ]"
/>

### Grid Head

Container for wrapping the grid head.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarGridHead.md -->

### Grid Body

Container for wrapping the grid body.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarGridBody.md -->

### Grid Row

Container for wrapping the grid row.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarGridRow.md -->

### Head Cell

Container for wrapping the head cell. Used for displaying the week days.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarHeadCell.md -->

### Cell

Container for wrapping the calendar cells.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarCell.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    },
  ]"
/>

### Cell Trigger

Interactable container for displaying the cell dates. Clicking it selects the date.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarCellTrigger.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-selected]',
      values: 'Present when selected',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-value]',
      values: 'The ISO string value of the date.',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-unavailable]',
      values: 'Present when unavailable',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-today]',
      values: 'Present when today',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-outside-view]',
      values: 'Present when the date is outside the current month it is displayed in.',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-outside-visible-view]',
      values: 'Present when the date is outside the months that are visible on the calendar.',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-focused]',
      values: 'Present when focused',
    }
  ]"
/>

## Examples

### Calendar with Year Incrementation

This example showcases a calendar which allows incrementing the year.

<ComponentPreview name="CalendarYearIncrement" />

### Calendar with Locale and Calendar System Selection

This example showcases some of the available locales and how the calendar systems are displayed.

<ComponentPreview name="CalendarSelect" />

### Calendar swipe gesture navigation

This component demonstrates intuitive calendar navigation using touch-based swipe gestures, user-friendly way to browse through months.

<ComponentPreview name="CalendarSwipe" />

## Accessibility

### Keyboard Interactions

<KeyboardTable
  :data="[
    {
      keys: ['Tab'],
      description: 'When focus moves onto the calendar, focuses the first navigation button.'
    },
    {
      keys: ['Space'],
      description:`
      <span>
          When the focus is on either <Code>CalendarNext</Code> or <Code>CalendarPrev</Code>, it navigates the calendar. Otherwise, it selects the date.
      </span>
    ` ,
    },
    {
      keys: ['Enter'],
      description:`
      <span>
          When the focus is on either <Code>CalendarNext</Code> or <Code>CalendarPrev</Code>, it navigates the calendar. Otherwise, it selects the date.
      </span>
    ` ,
    },
    {
      keys: ['ArrowLeft', 'ArrowRight', 'ArrowUp', 'ArrowDown'],
      description:
      `
        When the focus is on <Code>CalendarCellTrigger</Code>, it navigates the dates, changing the month/year/decade if necessary.
      `
    }
  ]"
/>

Commit message:

feat(calendar): add `getWeekNumber` utility function (#1959)
* feat(Calendar): add CalendarWeek component

* docs(CalendarWeek): calendar week example

* feat(RangeCalendar): implement calendar weeks

* refactor(calendar): use Array.from

* refactor(range-calendar): simplify week number code

* docs(calendar): add more info about CalendarWeek

* test(calendar): add case for calendar weeks

* feat(calendar): add getWeekNumber function

* test(calendar-week): use getWeekNumber in story

* test(range-calendar-week): use getWeekNumber in story

* docs(calendar-weeks): use getWeekNumber instead of CalendarWeek component

* docs(dates): add getWeekNumber to utility functions

* chore(calendar/range-calendar): remove components for displaying calendar week

It was replaces by getWeekNumber utility function.

docs/content/docs/components/calendar.md, after:

---

title: Calendar
description: Displays dates and days of the week, facilitating date-related interactions.
name: calendar
---

# Calendar

<Badge>Alpha</Badge>

<Description>
Displays dates and days of the week, facilitating date-related interactions.
</Description>

<ComponentPreview name="Calendar" />

## Features

<Highlights
  :features="[
    'Full keyboard navigation',
    'Can be controlled or uncontrolled',
    'Focus is fully managed',
    'Localization support',
    'Highly composable'
  ]"
/>

## Preface

The component depends on the [@internationalized/date](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/internationalized/date/index.html) package, which solves a lot of the problems that come with working with dates and times in JavaScript.

We highly recommend reading through the documentation for the package to get a solid feel for how it works, and you'll need to install it in your project to use the date-related components.

## Installation

Install the date package.

<InstallationTabs value="@internationalized/date" />

Install the component from your command line.

<InstallationTabs value="reka-ui" />

## Anatomy

Import all parts and piece them together.

```vue
<script setup>
import {
  CalendarCell,
  CalendarCellTrigger,
  CalendarGrid,
  CalendarGridBody,
  CalendarGridHead,
  CalendarGridRow,
  CalendarHeadCell,
  CalendarHeader,
  CalendarHeading,
  CalendarNext,
  CalendarPrev,
  CalendarRoot,
} from 'reka-ui'
</script>

<template>
  <CalendarRoot>
    <CalendarHeader>
      <CalendarPrev />
      <CalendarHeading />
      <CalendarNext />
    </CalendarHeader>
    <CalendarGrid>
      <CalendarGridHead>
        <CalendarGridRow>
          <CalendarHeadCell />
        </CalendarGridRow>
      </CalendarGridHead>
      <CalendarGridBody>
        <CalendarGridRow>
          <CalendarCell>
            <CalendarCellTrigger />
          </CalendarCell>
        </CalendarGridRow>
      </CalendarGridBody>
    </CalendarGrid>
  </CalendarRoot>
</template>
```

## API Reference

### Root

Contains all the parts of a calendar

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarRoot.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-readonly]',
      values: 'Present when readonly',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-invalid]',
      values: 'Present when invalid',
    }
  ]"
/>

### Header

Contains the navigation buttons and the heading segments.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarHeader.md -->

### Prev Button

Calendar navigation button. It navigates the calendar one month/year/decade in the past based on the current calendar view.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarPrev.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    },
  ]"
/>

### Next Button

Calendar navigation button. It navigates the calendar one month/year/decade in the future based on the current calendar view.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarNext.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    },
  ]"
/>

### Heading

Heading for displaying the current month and year

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarHeading.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    }
  ]"
/>

### Grid

Container for wrapping the calendar grid.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarGrid.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-readonly]',
      values: 'Present when readonly',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    }
  ]"
/>

### Grid Head

Container for wrapping the grid head.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarGridHead.md -->

### Grid Body

Container for wrapping the grid body.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarGridBody.md -->

### Grid Row

Container for wrapping the grid row.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarGridRow.md -->

### Head Cell

Container for wrapping the head cell. Used for displaying the week days.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarHeadCell.md -->

### Cell

Container for wrapping the calendar cells.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarCell.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    },
  ]"
/>

### Cell Trigger

Interactable container for displaying the cell dates. Clicking it selects the date.

<!-- @include: @/meta/CalendarCellTrigger.md -->

<DataAttributesTable
  :data="[
    {
      attribute: '[data-selected]',
      values: 'Present when selected',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-value]',
      values: 'The ISO string value of the date.',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-disabled]',
      values: 'Present when disabled',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-unavailable]',
      values: 'Present when unavailable',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-today]',
      values: 'Present when today',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-outside-view]',
      values: 'Present when the date is outside the current month it is displayed in.',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-outside-visible-view]',
      values: 'Present when the date is outside the months that are visible on the calendar.',
    },
    {
      attribute: '[data-focused]',
      values: 'Present when focused',
    }
  ]"
/>

## Examples

### Calendar with Year Incrementation

This example showcases a calendar which allows incrementing the year.

<ComponentPreview name="CalendarYearIncrement" />

### Calendar with Locale and Calendar System Selection

This example showcases some of the available locales and how the calendar systems are displayed.

<ComponentPreview name="CalendarSelect" />

### Calendar swipe gesture navigation

This component demonstrates intuitive calendar navigation using touch-based swipe gestures, user-friendly way to browse through months.

<ComponentPreview name="CalendarSwipe" />

### Calendar week numbers

This example showcases usage of the CalendarWeek component used to display the number of the week.

<ComponentPreview name="CalendarWeeks" />

## Accessibility

### Keyboard Interactions

<KeyboardTable
  :data="[
    {
      keys: ['Tab'],
      description: 'When focus moves onto the calendar, focuses the first navigation button.'
    },
    {
      keys: ['Space'],
      description:`
      <span>
          When the focus is on either <Code>CalendarNext</Code> or <Code>CalendarPrev</Code>, it navigates the calendar. Otherwise, it selects the date.
      </span>
    ` ,
    },
    {
      keys: ['Enter'],
      description:`
      <span>
          When the focus is on either <Code>CalendarNext</Code> or <Code>CalendarPrev</Code>, it navigates the calendar. Otherwise, it selects the date.
      </span>
    ` ,
    },
    {
      keys: ['ArrowLeft', 'ArrowRight', 'ArrowUp', 'ArrowDown'],
      description:
      `
        When the focus is on <Code>CalendarCellTrigger</Code>, it navigates the dates, changing the month/year/decade if necessary.
      `
    }
  ]"
/>
